# LIRI-bot

LIRI is like iPhone's SIRI. However, while SIRI is a Speech Interpretation and Recognition Interface, LIRI is a Language Interpretation and Recognition Interface. LIRI will be a command line node app that takes in parameters and gives you back data.

## What it does

Twitter

In terminal:
  - type node liri.js my-tweets
  - this returns:
  
          * tweet #
          * tweet text
          * date tweeted on
          
  - i tried to set limit to 10, but this didn't work - I have tweeted 11 times and my 11th tweet displays
  
OMDB

In terminal:
  - type node liri.js movie-this 'name of your movie here'
  - returns movie data:
  
         * Title of the movie.
         * Year the movie came out.
         * IMDB Rating of the movie.
         * Rotten Tomatoes Rating of the movie.
         * Country where the movie was produced.
         * Language of the movie.
         * Plot of the movie.
         * Actors in the movie
         
  - When the request is entered, a file called log.txt is generated. I was only able to log the Movie Name to the .txt.
  - If no movie is entered by the user (if only "node liri.js movie-this" is input), then the data for the movie Mr. Nobody           populates in the bash
         
Spotify

In terminal:
  - type node liri.js spotify-this-song 'your song name here'
  - returns song data:

        * Artist(s)
        * The song's name
        * A preview link of the song from Spotify
        * The album that the song is from
        
  - If no song data is entered by the user (if only "node liri.js spotify-this-song" is input), then the data for the song       The Sign by Ace of Base populates in the bash
  
  Do What It Says
  
  Lines 118-142 in liri.js are non-functional. This should allow the user to input "node liri.js do-what-it-says" and pull     what would appear to the user to be random OMDB, Spotify & Tweet calls. This should be generated by the random.txt file,     but it doesn't work.
  
  https://github.com/AthenaOlson/nodeApp
  
  https://github.com/AthenaOlson
